
🚀 LET'S SHIP

### Features

Developer experience first:

- All the Next.js pages are statically generated by default. You can easily switch to SSR adding `getServerSideProps` to your page.

### Requirements

- Node.js 20+ and npm

### Getting started

Run the following command on your local environment:

```shell
npm install
```

Then, you can run locally in development mode with live reload:

```shell
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000 with your favorite browser to see your project.

```shell
.
├── README.md                       # README file
├── __mocks__                       # Mocks for testing
├── .github                         # GitHub folder
├── .husky                          # Husky configuration
├── .vscode                         # VSCode configuration
├── public                          # Public assets folder
├── srcv
│   ├── layouts                     # Layouts components
│   ├── pages                       # Next JS Pages
│   ├── pages.test                  # Next JS Pages tests (this avoids tests to be treated as a Next.js pages)
│   ├── styles                      # Styles folder
│   ├── templates                   # Default template
│   └── utils                       # Utility functions
├── tailwind.config.js              # Tailwind CSS configuration
└── tsconfig.json                   # TypeScript configuration
```

### Customization

- `public/apple-touch-icon.png`, `public/favicon.ico`, `public/favicon-16x16.png` and `public/favicon-32x32.png`: website favicons, you can generate from https://favicon.io/favicon-converter/
- `src/styles/global.css`: CSS file using Tailwind CSS
- `src/utils/AppConfig.ts`: configuration file
- `src/templates/Main.tsx`: default theme
- `next-sitemap.config.js`: sitemap configuration

### Deploy to production

You can see the results locally in production mode with:

```shell
$ npm run build
$ npm run start
```

The generated HTML and CSS files are minified (built-in feature from Next js). It will also remove unused CSS from [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com).

You can create an optimized production build with:

```shell
npm run build-prod
```

Now, the site is ready to be deployed. All generated files are located at `out` folder, which you can deploy with any hosting service.

### Testing

All tests are colocated with the source code inside the same directory. So, it makes it easier to find them. Unfortunately, it is not possible with the `pages` folder which is used by Next.js for routing. So, what is why we have a `pages.test` folder to write tests from files located in `pages` folder.

### VSCode information (optional)

If you are a VSCode user, you can have a better integration with VSCode by installing the suggested extension in `.vscode/extension.json`. The starter code comes up with Settings for a seamless integration with VSCode. The Debug configuration is also provided for frontend and backend debugging experience.

With the plugins installed on your VSCode, ESLint and Prettier can automatically fix the code and show you the errors.

Pro tips: if you need a project wide type checking with TypeScript, you can run a build with <kbd>Cmd</kbd> + <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>B</kbd> on Mac.

---
